Alice do you like the nurses what are
the nurses treating you alright
do you like the nurses no they yell too
much Oh only mistakes you made me and I
never see you
I bet if your mom's lived in suck so bad
yours win either together one three
month job during that cash you need you
go to New York and you show this woman
how good a true man can be culture
stories attention like a heal my sanity
for one call back it and it be insistent
what do you want me to do beg nano duel
you remind me of a man I gave my heart
to you jobs are off when someone's
coming up I'm in love talking about my
mom all right she collects rubber bands
[Music]
I want to see her I need to see her you
punished me for being bored how do you
see me I see everything everything
happens for a reason right
[Music]
I'm grateful rottens boy it's so
ungrateful the best thing my son ever
gave me was a dishwasher shut up
[Music]